What happens when you initialize a repository? What can you do to find out?
A .git folder is created, but no commit is made. However, now with the .git
folder you can make commits and do other git things.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?
In the working directory you have the current files, while the staging area
contains the files that you want to commit (make a timestamp of). The
repository contains both the current files and all previous timestamps.
It makes it easier to choose which files you wish to make a timestamp of, and
you do not have to choose all at once, but can add some, change some other
files and then add them, making you less likely to forget some files you were
working on earlier.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
If you have done several logical changes and they are in different files, you
add only the files that does one logical change to staging and then commit
onlt that change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
history organized? How would branches help?
It is helpful if you want to try different stuff, for example experimental
features without changing the master branch, or if several people are working
on the same projekt.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
It makes it easier to see how the commits are connected through parents. Which
in turn shows how the branches are connected.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagran the way we do?
It combines two commits into one, with two or more parents. Since it has
several parents, the natural way to represent it is as a commit pointing at all
of its parents.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
Pros: less work for me if git fixes everything for me. However, it may often
not be obvious for git how to merge and doing it manually ensures that it gets
done correctly, hopefully.

